What we have so far:

Boards can be created and destroyed.
Boards know of their parent and their children.
Boards display their immediate children.
Users exist, and have a name and email address attribute.
Rudimentary intro screen and redirect to creating a new user, but
it goes nowhere.

--------------

User needs to validate it's current attributes.

--------------

TopicPosts that are the beginning of a discussion contain themselves as their own
parent. This is to facilitate display: you can list search for all posts that have
the same parent post and display those, which automatically includes the root post.
TopicPosts also have a boolean indicating if the post in question is the root of a
new topic of discussion. This is to facilitate indexed views of topics.

What needs to happen for a user to START a topic:
    *   User needs to be logged in
    *   User needs to have permission to start topics (this currently is not a thing)

Then this has to happen:
    *   We create a new TopicPost
    *   It's containing board must be the board from which we navigated
    *   It's parent TopicPost is itself. This may seem odd, but it allows a Topic to be
        displayed by selecting all posts with this post as it's parent. It's like 0-indexed
        arrays.
    *   Provide a form for this post, with that data already filled out

Where can you create a topic from:
    *   Any board page. It is part of the discussion icons group

What needs to happen when a User comments on a topic:
    *   User must be logged in
    *   User must have permission to discuss in that location (not a thing yet)
    
What happens when you comment:
    *   A new TopicPost is created with the root post being the root of this discussion
        and the board being the same as the root post.
        *   Probably can safely copy the root and the board of the last post displayed,
            right?
    *   Provide text field for comment body

When can you create a comment:
    *   From any discussion page.